# Requirements

For simplification purpose, assume we want to compute $`x_i * y_i + r_i=t_i`$ in a trusted
(protected) hardware environment, in which $`x_i`$ and $`y_i`$ are inputs, and $`r_i`$ is a
random number in a random number sequence generated by a PRNG within the trusted hardware environment.

In this process $`x_i`$ and $`y_i`$ are secret values which are not allowed to leak. However,
$`t_i`$, as the (intermediate) result of the computation, can be stored outside
of the trusted environment, e.g., in main memory that is not protected. We assume the user of
the trusted environment who actually initiated the computation, is curious. This means the
user always wants to infer any useful information about $`x_i`$, $`y_i`$ and/or
$`x_i * y_i`$, via $`t_i`$, because the user can see the value of $`t_i`$.
We can simply draw the conclusion that if the random number generator is of perfect randomness,
i.e., we can never predict next $`r_i`$ via previous seen random numbers in the random number sequence generated,
one can never infer any useful information via $`t_i`$.

# Challenge
There a set of so-called "cryptographically secure" PRNGs, or CSPRNGs, which can satisfy the requirements decribed
above. However, those CSPRNGs are generelly computational expensive. Note that we need one random number
to be genereated by PRNG for every single multiplication operations, we prefer as few additional instructions
as possible, e.g., <10 instructions to generate a random number.

# Question
For a "cheap" PRNG which are not generally considerred as "cryptographically secure", is there a threshold of $`n`$
such that, if we seen fewer than $`n`$ previous random numbers in the random number sequence, it is still safe to
prevent the prediction on next random number? We can call such PRNG $`n`$-safe CSPRNG.

# Potential Solution
If such $`n`$-safe CSPRNG exists, we can use a full/strong CSPRNG to generate seed to intitialize the $`n`$-safe CSPRNGs
in every $`n`$ random number generation. In this case, if $`n`$ is large enough, the cost of full CSPRNG generation
would be amortized by $`n`$, hence the addtional overhead on a single operation will be reduced.